Experimental properties for route options (#1420)
mapbox/mapbox-java: CHANGELOG.md

### main
- Added roundtrip of unrecognized JSON properties. [#1394](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-java/pull/1394)
- Added API to access unrecognized JSON properties. See `#getUnrecognizedProperty` and `#getUnrecognizedPropertiesNames` in each Directions API model object.  [#1416](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-java/pull/1416)

> - Added `RouteOptions.Builder#unrecognizedProperties` to set custom request parameters for `RouteOptions`. [#1420](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-java/pull/1420)

Reviewer: Same as above, please not that this works only for `toUrl`.

Author: done

> - Added `RouteOptions.Builder#unrecognizedProperties` to set custom request parameters to an url generated by `RouteOptions#toUrl`. [#1420](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-java/pull/1420)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `RouteOptions.Builder#unrecognizedProperties` to set custom request parameters to a URL generated by `RouteOptions#toUrl` only. The custom request parameters are not supported by `MapboxDirections` service. [#1420](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-java/pull/1420)
```
